♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble] "Pups Get a Rubble."
Don't worry, Mayor Goodway.
Rubble will fix
that broken step in no time.
Here comes Rubble on the double.
Bull's-eye!
Look at Rubble go!
What a pup!
Where did you find him?
Rubble? We found him in a tree.
[chuckles] In a tree?
Yup, in a tree. It was a while ago.
Marshall, Chase and I were
playing ball in the yard.
[Ryder laughs]
I got it! I got it! I got it!
[barking]
I missed it! Aw.
I'll get it.
[laughs]
Whoa! [grunts]
Oh no! The ball!
[gasps] A ball!
[laughs]
Got ya!
Whoops!
I'll get it!
Uh-oh.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
Whoa!
[whimpers]
Are you okay?
I'm fine. [grunts]
You don't really look fine.
I'll call for help!
[howls]
A pup is stuck in a tree!
Uh-oh!
That's no place to be hanging around.
Don't worry!
We'll get you down from there.
I'm not worried.
But that water does look kind of cold.
I like my baths warm, with bubbles.
This path is too narrow and steep.
Hmm…
Chase, your net, give
the little guy something to climb up.
Chase is on the case!
Pup Pack! [barks]
Net! [barks]
Wow!
Cool backpack! And cool net!
Thanks.
Okay, little guy. Climb up.
Careful.
I told you, I'm fine.
[grunts]
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
You're welcome.
Hey, that tickles!
[barking]
[all laugh]
Thanks for saving me.
It's what we do.
Were you scared out there?
Yeah. I was so-- uh, so… not scared.
I'm a tough pup. [growls]
[laughs]
[all laugh]
I'm Ryder. What's your name, little guy?
-My name's Rubble.
-[stomach growls]
Sounds like you're a hungry pup, Rubble.
Well… now that you mention it…
[Rubble munching]
Looks like you haven't eaten all day.
Huh, Rubble?
More like days.
You haven't eaten in days?
That's what it's like when you
have to take care of yourself.
-[all gasp]
-You live on your own?
Sure, I'm a tough pup. [growls]
[chuckling]
-[all laugh]
-[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello. Ryder here.
Ryder, dude, it's Jake.
Hey, Jake. Where are you?
Uh, I'm in a bit of a jam, bud.
I got myself trapped
in a bunch of rolling snow boulders.
Snow boulders?
Are you okay?
I'm fine, but I can't seem
to dig through the snow chunks.
They're too big and heavy. Think
your PAW Patrol could help a buddy out?
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
Aw, thanks, Ryder!
You can count on us.
[beeps]
Mmm… that was good eats!
[all laugh]
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
-[all] Ryder needs us!
-We've got to go.
-What's up?
We're the PAW Patrol.
When Ryder calls,
it means someone's in trouble
and we have to help.
Hey! What's a PAW Patrol?
Each pup has their own special job
that they're extra good at.
Look out!
Whoa! [grunts]
[chuckles]
I'm good at fighting fires.
I'm not so good at riding elevators.
[all laugh]
[Rubble] Whoa…
Awesome.
[elevator dings]
Whoa, cool room.
[beeps]
Jake got trapped
by some snow boulders on the mountain.
We have to dig him out.
[gasps] I love to dig.
[beeps]
Skye, I need you to fly your helicopter
up to the mountain to locate Jake.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[beeps]
Chase, I'll need you and your winch
at the top of the hill.
We might have to pull him up.
Chase is on the case!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[laughs]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa…
-[barks]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-Whee!
[siren blaring]
Whoo-hoo!
Uh, Ryder, I've got a passenger.
Let me guess who it is. [chuckles]
-I guess you'd better buckle up, too.
-[beeps]
[tires screech]
[Rubble] Hurray! Whoo-hoo!
[barking]
Hi, Rubble.
Did you like your ride?
Oh yeah! What a great truck!
Thanks for the ride, Chase.
You're welcome.
[Ryder]
Skye is scouting the safest way down.
We'll use the harness and your winch
so you can pull me out if I get stuck.
Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Wow! That looks like fun.
Hmm…
I've always wanted to try snowboarding.
I bet if I get down there,
I can help Ryder get Jake out.
-Okay, Chase.
-[barks]
How's it looking down there, Skye?
Let me check!
[Skye] Ryder, you should be fine
heading right down the slope.
I'm on my way!
Thanks, Skye.
Over and out, Ryder.
[shivers]
Hey, Jake. How's it going?
Cool. A little too cool. [shivers]
Don't worry. We'll get you out. [grunts]
[grunts]
These snow boulders are frozen solid.
-[beeps]
-Hey, Chase.
I could use a paw or two
to help me move the boulders.
I'm on my way, Ryder..
Hey, Rubble.
Uh, Rubble? Where'd he go?
[Skye] Is that who I think it is?
Hey, Ryder,
you're about to have some company.
Ryder, this snowboarding is awesome.
Did you say you could use a paw?
-I've got four.
-Well…
I need to clear away
some of this snow to get Jake out.
Hang on a sec.
Wait!
Rubble, you could get trapped under there.
Rubble?
Jake, you haven't seen
a little pup in there, have you?
[Jake] You mean
this awesome snow digging dude here?
[barks]
Aw, okay, okay, okay!
I'm happy to see you too! [laughs]
That tickles.
He got you out!
-Great job, Rubble!
-[Jake] Yeah.
Thanks, bud. You rock.
So, is this digging dog
the newest member of the PAW Patrol?
Hmm…
Pups, I have a very big announcement.
-[gasps]
-What is it?
What did I do?
I found Rubble a home,
where he'll have food, friends,
a nice place to sleep,
and a really important job.
That's great news, Rubble.
But we're going to miss you.
Yeah. You're a cool little guy.
You don't need to miss him,
because Rubble's new home is here!
He's the newest member
of the PAW Patrol.
[cheering]
Really?! Really?!
-Really?!
-[laughs]
Since you love to dig so much,
you can be our construction pup.
[all] Yeah!
Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy!
-Yeah!
-All right!
[laughs]
As long as you don't mind having
your own pup house and stuff.
Sure, I'll help you guys out,
'cause it looks like you need me.
[chuckles]
Rubble, as a PAW Patrol pup,
do you promise to do your best
to lend a paw whenever help is needed?
I do! [barks]
[Ryder] Okay!
Here's your official PAW Patrol pup tag.
Whoa! Cool.
And your very own, authentic
construction hard hat.
You are now a member of the PAW Patrol.
-Welcome aboard!
-[all cheer]
One last thing.
There's a surprise waiting for you
at the bottom of the slide.
[gasps] Really? Really? Really?!
Really! Go for it!
Awesome!
Whoo-hoo!
-[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Yay!
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
Is this for me?
You have a little bit of growing to do
before you can reach the steering wheel,
but you'll get there.
-[all cheer]
-[howls]2
And Rubble has been
an extra good pup ever since.
Good pup?
I'm a great pup! [chuckles]
-[barks]
-[laughs]
You sure are, Rubble.
[theme song playing]